so let's start welcome everybody this is
thomas i'm jonathan we're both from the
OpsWorks team and we here to to give
you a little bit more of an in-depth
introduction into some of the peculiar
systems of OpsWorks and then we want
to give you some demos so what we want
to cover today is in particular how we
integrate chef and look at the chef's 12
integration that we have today for
Windows and that will be available
shortly for the next two we want to look
at the windows integration and then
cover together with some demos the ecs
integration that we recently launched
plus the on-premise and easy to import
support before we dig in how many people
are already using opsworks here in the
room good good so I don't have to
explain the the intro part too much all
of those slides will be available online
so you know need to like take any photos
and write something down yeah so let's
dig into like a very quick introduction
into how opsworks actually works and
what the kind of architecture is and how
we embed chef so in general and all
sorts for those who already uses that
should be pretty familiar we structure
things into stacks and layers right so
as stack is basically a group of servers
that solve a certain problem for you
let's say you sir all servers that serve
application a or project B and so on and
within that group of servers we
segregate or group machines into layers
you can think of them of tears or rolls
right like all your application servers
are Leia all your database servers all
the caching servers basically you're
kind of defining a blueprint and say
every server and this layer should have
those characteristics should have this
software running should be configured
like this and then opsworks makes it
happen right in order to achieve this
off certs kind of has two important
pieces one is the back end that takes
care of the integration with Ada base
right it launches instances for you
attaches volumes configures lbs it does
the auto scaling part auto healing and
all the integration with Adobe s I'm
kind of the provisioning engine and then
the other part is the agent that runs on
your instance that then executes kind of
your configuration commands does the
configuration management the unhoused
provisioning for which we use chef right
so if you launch an instance on the one
hand the back and takes care of actually
telling you see to to launch this
instance and launches the correct
instance the correct availability zone
with the correct settings and then once
the agent is installed it sends a JSON
comment down that says you should be
running those chef recipes here is the
cookbook source for those the agent
which embeds chef is running them and
then at the end it uploads kind of the
log and the status of that for so that
you can access that through our UI and
API and and so on in order to do all of
this we embed chef client which runs in
zero mode and we don't have a chef
server so if you compare our kind of
architecture to the typical chef server
setup it's slightly different right so
we use chef client but we are running
server let's write the opsworks back-end
is kind of functioning as a as a highly
available chef server but it's act but
it's it's not the real chef server right
and we're going to talk later on about
some of the differences where if you're
using chef server you have the full
chefs or API and then you have a client
that regularly pulls from the server
where we're in opsworks we have a push
model right so if if you look in that
sense of the chef support today we're
running multiple versions of Chef you
can select some of them we have some
built-in kind of convenience cookbooks
to get you started quickly like for
rails and PHP and and no GS and so on
but the general idea is that you extend
them on them you built you bring your
own you customize those heavily like
like we were 24 people who want to
really control basically every file on
the machine who want to really say my
Apache should have those settings I want
to have this module installed we have
some some sample layers that get you
started but the idea is you own this in
piece of infrastructure
probably the biggest difference is that
we have a life cycle system that I will
dig into in a second instead of this
regular pull model that you may be used
from chef server and that allows you to
do deployments pretty nicely with ops
works and also like kind of immediately
discover changes in your infrastructure
and those life cycle events they always
come with the full what we call the
stack state basically a JSON that tells
you this is the state of the known world
for for this particular system so it
includes information about all the other
servers it includes information about
ongoing deployments goods information
about the elb that are attached to this
system or RDS instances and so on and
that allows you to when you get such an
event to a very kind of this state and
figure out how should my service be
configured in order to respond to this
state or the state change so let's look
at those life cycle systems or life
cycle events so we have five of them and
they really allow you to build kind of
very fine-grained kind of system or
scripts that respond to those changes
right and in the essence if you look at
OpsWorks apart from the a device
integration what it really is it's kind
of we make sure that we run the right
script at the right time on the right
machine depending on what happened to
your system right and those are kind of
the fangirl events you can you can
attach to so the first one will be setup
which basically means when you boot
your instance this is the event that
fires for that machine and you do the
initial provisioning the initial setup
like you install your the software that
you need and all its dependencies kind
of the initial run you can think of it
as a little bit of a kind of user data
on steroids right like it allows you to
configure my instance for the very first
time make sure that all the software i
need is there and it the conversion is
correct right like if you have a java
application server for example this is
what you install the JVM you would
install Tomcat and so on it also
includes the deploy event which allows
you to do the initial deployment of your
of your system right like the initial
get the the Java odds and the war files
on the machine and then restart tomcat
and make sure that the
she is able to serve traffic the next
event is the configure event and that's
a think the most interesting one because
it really allows you to build those
highly dynamically configurable systems
opsworks fires this event whenever there
is an instance entering the online set
basically there is a new instance
available for this stack or there is one
leaving this state right so this allows
you to to make sure that your system is
always configured correctly the example
would be you're booting a new
application server apart from actually
installing this application server and
exit like installing Tomcat and Java and
so on on this machine you want this
application server to be recognized by
your load balancer so it serves traffic
to it right and you want the database
server may be to add an ACL entry that
allows this new application server to
connect to it or another example is
maybe you have you running like a
MongoDB replica pair or Cassandra or a
Kafka system something like where you
have nodes that need to replicate from
each other and the need to know about
each other right so that's a perfect
time to use this event and say okay
there is apparently another new node in
my system do I need to reconfigure
myself or there is a node now gone do I
need to recover myself right so for
example if you have a database of that
coming up the application service would
be this way automatically recognizing it
and starting to connect to it and if
your database server crashes for example
you shut it down or what for whatever
reason it's no longer available the
application servers can now find out oh
there is no database server available so
I show like a static error page as
something like that the deployment event
is fired whenever you explicitly trigger
a deployment through the API CLI or UI
so the example is you now have a new
version of your java application you
want to release it to your app servers
so you trigger this event the
applications of is typically then
download the code from somewhere like
git svn s3 HTTP whatever and then do
whatever you told us to do in the
scripts which can mean download the code
put it in the Tomcat directory we start
tomcat you can you can also do of course
anything custom in there so their
customers using rsync or SSH to like
copy stuff around the internal it's like
a generic cook like basically that just
event happen now your scripts can
respond to it right then there is the
undeploy event which people use a little
bit like like maybe it's not so common
as the other one so the general idea is
when you ever you delete an application
and you want to remove it from running
machine thread like the most common use
case I've seen is let's say you
have a large number of PHP virtual hosts
for example right you have a static
fleet of PHP application servers and
then you have potentially hundreds of
customers that that run their own
virtual host on that and then when you
add or remove customers and you want to
remove them from the running house like
that will be a good use case for this
and and again basically the lifecycle
event fires you register your own
scripts to that and then they do
whatever you think is appropriate to do
for this event the last one is is a very
useful one it's called shut down the
idea is this one fires on the machine
before we actually terminate it on ec2
right so if you go to op search and say
please shut down this instance for me
instead of immediately terminating it on
ec2 this event is fired first so you can
now do some cleanup or do some like
clean shut down before you actually we
actually terminate it and you can
configure the shutter on like how much
time we should allow for the script to
run so common use case will be
gracefully terminate or shut down apache
so that still finishes serving the
requests or the connections it's still
holding before you actually kill the
instance or if you have a database server
running flush the caches to disk or to
the EBS volume or something like that or
if you're running like a replicated
no-SQL database right like deregister
cleanly from the other nodes and tell
you hey I'm no longer available instead
of just disappearing so those lifecycle
events and that sends allow you to build
like a very flexible system and in
addition to the built in layers as I
said you can you can have customized and
custom recipes right so here's an
example of a Redis layer I build thread
so there are the the lifecycle events
and as you can see there are the ops
orcs life's like events that run and
then you can register your own recipes
to it so pretty much anything that is
scriptable anything that you can wrap in
a chef recipe you can automate and make
make run with OpsWorks now that we kind
of covered the high level
how is OpsWorks actually working let's
dig into some of the more recent stuff
that we did with chef 12 so one big
change that we did that I think is
pretty useful is we change how we embed
chef and how how it the relationship
between the OpsWorks recipes is and the
the your recipes the custom recipes so
in the chef 11.10 world basically there
is one chef run that is a combination of
our recipes in your recipes which
means there is a one combined
environment and that has some issues
like if we have a recipe with a certain
name you can't use it or you overriding
hours and that can be what you wanted to
or you didn't same with like gems and
and the Ruby environment and so on
right so there is a potential for
conflict plus like not all our built-in
cookbooks were properly namespace so
there is definitely like some issues
with that so in chef 12 there are two
separate chef Ron's totally complete
environments like totally complete Ruby
environment totally complete gem
environment so your recipes are running
in an isolated chef run that means you
can do whatever you like in there you
can install additional gems you can
install additional libraries there is no
chance for conflict with what we running
and I think that makes a lot much easier
for you to bring in for example
community cookbooks or existing
cookbooks and not worry about any
conflict in the name or the attribute
names or something like that with with
what OpsWorks using so that means
basically you have an empty run list
where before you had at least this
minimal run list of opsworks we have no
no cookbooks polluting the namespace
also the node OpsWorks thing so
before we used basically an attribute
tree to expose this stack state to you
so now the idea is you use chef search
so that is fully compatible in that
sense with the idea of finding out nodes
so let's say you're looking for certain
server by name you just use search like
you would use with chef server so in
this case I'm looking for web one I can
look for all service let's start with
the name web and what I would get back
is I would get back a node object that
has the the
attributes that you would expect like IP
address AZ information I am I ID
instance type all of those kind of
things one thing to call out is that
because we don't have a chef server only
information that the officers back and
knows about is being pushed down to the
instances and that means if you have
like attributes that you generate on the
fly during run time on a node that is
not discoverable by the other notes
right like it's it's a pure whatever the
back and has it sends it down like what
the information we have the custom Jason
you have whatever you have in the
cookbooks but if you generate on the fly
something on the node that is
unfortunately not available yet
something else that we're doing is you
might have already noticed this we kind
of matching the chef roles to oxfords
layers right so the concept of chef
rules applies nicely so you can you can
reuse that very nicely in addition to
kind of the typical chef server nodes
that you'll discover we we also expose
all the other information that officers
has through search so you can look for
the applications you can look for the
layers you can look for the RDS
instances the elb is the volumes the ecs
clusters and also the users that are
available to the stack all of that is of
course documented online and this allows
you to kind of use search to really find
all of that information where before you
would have traversed the attribute tree
then another thing that we support if
you look at how topical chef instead of
look like is our database right so data
bags because we don't have a chef server
you don't upload in that sense to to the
server instead there are a couple of
ways so you can handle it the most
simple one is you define them in the
custom JSON so OpsWorks allows you
to define arbitrary JSON on the stack
level on the deployment level and we
actually recently added support for
doing this on the layer level two so
that means you can basically whatever
you put in there will be handled down to
the chef environment will be available
as attributes and if you use the
OpsWorks database name space for that that
will be available through the database
API to your chef run so if I for
example have this definition that you
can see you're on top
were defined like MySql access information and then in my
recipe I can use the chef's API to
get this database item for my appt my
sequel and then access the username and
password so like the client side is
exactly like chef client will behave
in the server case it's just like how
you feed this information into the
system is slightly different the other
thing that that we always also get NASA
bodies or are encrypted data bags again
because there isn't a server like you
don't have directly access to encrypted
database but you kind of achieve the
same thing with slightly different means
so they're they're typically three
things you can do one is the using
application environment variables that I
will show in a second the other one is
you can encrypt a JSON document upload
to S3 and then give the instances
access why an IAM profile for example to
to that and download the decrypted that
is probably what you want to do if you
have a kind of very large document that
you want to get to the instances the
thing that is actually the most
recommended one as long as the secrets
that you want to transporter actually
like kind of credential information to
access other AWS services like
DynamoDB ask us or whatever is to just
use IAM instance profiles because then
you don't have to even transport any
secret you don't need to rotate the
credentials so anything like that
so let's have a brief look at the
application environment variables so
basically every application allows you
to define a couple of those you can you
can basically pick any key and value
that you like and put optionally you can
define values as protected which means
they will not be returned in the API or
UI there they're right only
through the commot to the API but you
can retrieve them of course in the
chevron where the application is
deployed so that means in this case I
defining a payment provide a user and a
password and then within my
application those who are available
through environment variables so in this
case I can read them and then initiate
like initiate an imaginary
payment gateway class with with this
information and this shows you how
can easily through the API CLI or UI
kind of defined secrets and
credentials and pass them on to your
application which is kind of the same
thing you would usually do with
encrypted data bags so this is a
little bit of what is different in chef
12 and kind of how the chef environment
improved and then before handing over to
Thomas we will talk about the ecs
integration and and on Prem I want to
cover something we also recently did
which is windows right so this is
something we've been like us but
you guys a lot to provide so windows I
think we launched it in late May so
basically you can launch various kind of
various forms of Windows 2012 r2 kind of
the standard am I the sequel server
express and then the the other sequel
server flavors and it provides the chef
12 runtime environment that I just
talked about it only has custom layers
there isn't a Burke shelf on runtime an
integration available which we
actually kind of don't recommend even if
you chef 11.10 because that means you
have a runtime dependency to the
supermarket api's and usually you want
to reduce the number of runtime
dependencies you have sobered shelf is
great for the development workflow but
what we recommend is when you actually
deploy to production is packaged the all
the cookbooks and vendor them and then
only deploy kind of the vendor artifact
to the production fleet because that
means that you're not depending on the
supermarket API being up for your
deployments and chef Ron's and so on
something so in general like in that
sense the the chef environment on
Windows is the same as you would expect
for Linux something that we did for
Windows that is special is around the
rdp session management so this is a very
neat small feature so the idea is that
you can use of course like Windows
Active Directory to authenticate users
via rdp but there are certain use cases
where you want temporary grant somebody
RDP access and you don't want them to be
part of your AD right so OpsWorks we're
trying to kind of provide the same
feature like we do for Linux with the
ssh user management so you can run some
of your IAM user
the ability to remotely log into your
windows boxes and if you give them this
permission they can request like a
temporary rdp access credential and you
can define how long is it valid for like
one hour two hours 24 hours something
that and then it generates a random
password random credential that is
available to you once you can use this
credential and then login to the
instance using that once the session
expired all the processes will be killed
the user will be removed from the host
and the machine will no longer
allow a log and from from this user so
this is something that we've seen a lot
of enterprise customers pick up in order
to like temporary grant like freelancers
or support engineers access to a machine
where you don't want them to be part of
your AD setup because they're actually
not part of your organization maybe
and with that I would hand over to
Thomas who will talk about ecs some
things are very easy and hopefully also
in CS integration is easy for you so
last year invent the ecs ec2 container
service was released who of you is
actually familiar with ecs already so
we'll go a little bit over on ecs so
what is yes it's a highly scalable fast
container management service so it gives
you basically docker on a double yes you
can manage and launch your container
native applications with simple API
calls and you can mentor money towards
the state of your whole ecs cluster
easily with ccs one thing that's like
missing in ecs is the managing of C
underlying ecs container instances so
easy s gives you all the features that
you need to run docker on ec2 but how do
you manage your ecs container instances
that's why we integrated it into ops
works so we have the studio ecs
contingencies provisioning and
management so we can create your ecs
contention through ops works with
dimensionless opsworks you can for
example install operating system updates
or system package updates we have the
complete user management
for your easiest container instances we
have two performance monitoring so you
can just watch how the instances behaves
when running the docker containers you
can also use auto scaling on top of it
so if you see that your clusters needs
more power you can just upscale or if
it's not needed anymore can downscale
berzox works we use the EBS volume Anna
Schmidt for you and also the public a
penis let's take a pee management and as
well as the security good management so
everything you actually need to to
manage the underlying easiest continent
since done by opsworks and I will show
you now how that works so if you the
beginner for should I increase the size
a little bit of the of the browser it's
okay so whatever do now is I will create
a new layer in opsworks so we have a new
layer type called easy as cluster layer
it will tell me now that there's already
a cluster level sorry if you look at ecs
I will just open the planets just remove
it and oh this service is active
nevermind then we just use it there so
as I said so I just create a easy as a
layer cluster layer with the existing
ecs cluster it uses a new instance
profile opsworks that gives you also
easy as excess if it's not created yet
will automatically clever you to create
it in the console so I've now created
that easeus cluster layer and whatever
do now is first thing is I want later to
deploy example WordPress application so
I give that cluster security groups 4.8
exs for example I can use the built in
PHP app security group or you can just
use your custom suit
groups of that depending on what layer
you want to what you want to open so
I've now added that security group so i
can now at instances let's say i want to
instance with tabs see three large so
now adding them and starting them what
they will do now is the first they will
do the normal observes provisioning that
means we started instance we install our
agent that you can manage the instances
but as well we will install the ecs
agent and we will automatically register
the instances to the ecs cluster so if
you go no tecs we have to pay our
prepare little something so the first
thing I did is I created a task
definition that gives me like wordpress
on my sequel and so it's a very basic
tasks definition with two containers and
if I gone out to my services I have
created the service WordPress and it
doesn't have any tasks yet running
because we don't have any container
instances if you go too easy ensems we
also don't see any instance yet because
they are still running the setup but
once the instances actually started by
ups works they will show up here and I
will show you later other looks like
then because this takes some sub minutes
I will the meantime give you a short day
more about the rdp feature Jonathan just
presented for windows so if your windows
installs I just click on the rdp icon
can grant access for example our then I
click on general password and now it's
cursing the password and later will give
me gives me a session
so this is like the stats already got
the zip password here and I can click
you on download an rdp file so if I
click on open it will open RP client and
I need to copy the password I think the
sessions not created yet so normally I
shouldn't ask me for the password but
maybe or it gives me access yes no so we
need some time to actually create the
session so we have to wait until this is
done here so when we going back to have
a look at our ICS cluster some fortunate
still booting
so as I said so it's downloading the
agent installs the agent to then run a
set of command and the set up command
close then as a bunch before doing the
ecs H installation as well as
registering it to Z to the ecs cluster
so it's now running the setup I think
this will take about a minute when you
start the ecs container instance you can
of course run your own recipe so in a
penny off if you depending on if you
just want to your stalker or maybe you
also want to do other tasks on the
machines as well so it's up to you if
you have want to have dedicated
instances only 44 docker or for multiple
purposes what you can also do is like
integrated with your other ox ox tech so
if you have a stack with some other
layers you can just integrate and with
the ecs cluster layer so it's you're not
forced to use docker for everything you
can just combine both words if you want
to so let's have a look if the RDP
sessions already created for me
unfortunately not I wonder what will
happen first maybe we can have a look at
the ecs container console and have a
look at the instances already there
unfortunately also not
if it takes a little bit longer I can
maybe start with the premises part and
come back to this part of the
presentation at up here they are so the
easiest continent since that were
started by opsworks are now registered
to the easiest cluster and as we already
have the disservice active there will be
soon the task runners running started by
the service that will then run the
docker containers for the my sequel
container and the WordPress container so
now we seen it's just switched from
running set up to online so the instance
are now fully working ops work so can
now run any chef recipe on it or we
configure them also the the rest of the
stack is also now notified about these
two new instances and you can then
interact with them let's go back here so
we should hope we'll see attacks up so
if you go to the task over you want so
it should be fine
results we see that the pending task now
so and you know hopefully few seconds
the docker containers will be people
running and we can check if they
actually work in what we expect them to
do so if I now go to the 22 machine so
one of them is running the my sequel so
about one of them should run the docker
container with the WordPress
installation so hopefully the taos is
running soon still pending maybe I'll
just stop with the on-premise part of
the presentation we just go back to this
part later or we go to the windows part
and see that up the sessions plated so
we can try that out so I click again on
download a VP file will open it with the
already copied the password and we are
logged in so it's easy and jonas
mentioned once you have created the
session for one hour once these hours
over it will automatically lock out the
user stop see processes and we can make
sure that this user only had access for
the time span that we configured okay so
going back to GCS it's running so now
one of these pages should show me the
wordpress page yeah exactly so this is
he wordpress container we started and i
can now set up my my wordpress
installation so that was the eecs
integration demonstration i will now go
to next part which is on-premises
support in OpsWorks
so why should you use it if you have if
you need it so absorbs previously gave
you the possibility to manage your
service on IC too but I think there's
still a lot of people that have their
own data centers their own servers and
some data center and they may be want to
also get the management capabilities of
ops works for their environments and
with the on-premise integration you can
now use ops works for any server that is
basically running Linux or our supported
linux OS so for example well are you
going to what you can do you can use the
complete on-premise environment but you
can also enable hybrid environments so
for example you can run your your tests
or development environment on EC2
spin up as much test or developed by the
development sex you need and then later
are deployed on your own premises fleet
or maybe have your base load on your
on-premises servers and then scale out
too easy to when there's demand for it
what you can then do is like the basic
object feature so you can deploy in
operator applications on any server
that's currently running Linux you can
use an ops works to update the operating
system all these software running on
these machines you can run chef recipes
to configure your your servers and you
can control also who's running scripts
and you can also see the output of the
scripts and find our tool who was doing
what and what you can also do is what we
have just shown with Windows you can
grant users access with ssh and also
control who has sudo x permissions and
you can also get plowed push metrics for
your on-premises servers so you will see
them in cloudwatch as well as an
hour monitoring user interface in the
console and you can
also if you have mixed layers you can
also mocha let it do not so a scale
outer scale with the club watch metrics
so for example if you see the load on
your premise levels going up you can
automatically start easy two instances
to handle the load if you're using its
on-premise we will charge your two cents
per hour per server but you also get the
éclairs metrics for free so what we
also released this year is very similar
but supporting already running easy two
instances so you might have started
without using ops work so we have
already some production machines but you
want to integrate them in your apps work
stacks this is no possible so you don't
have to like start from scratch you can
just import them they will get
registered to the OpsWorks stack you
define in the the command they you can
then assign them to one or multiple
OpsWorks layers and you can benefit them
from all the OpsWorks management features
so from premises of course as some
features not not supported like of
course you can't use your ELB EBS let's
take a piece with your own premise the
servers but if you use the support for
existing amazon ec2 instances you can
use all the features that are available
for normal OpsWorks instances and
there's a no additional charge for it so
how does he registration works what you
started there's a new AWS opsworks
register command for this CLI this is
then starting the HP bootstrapping on
the on-premise server this is then
registering the instance or your
on-premises server to OpsWorks you will
see it in the original string state once
the action is running it will
automatically get a set of command and
once a set of command is completely done
you will see the instance in registered
state and then you can start assigning
it to one or multiple
absolute layers and then it will be in
assigning also running a setup and once
you set up this done will be online and
it will behave as I said there's a
normal of substances I will also give
you a email about that right now so we
have our stack with eecs layer I will
create a new layer and this example I
will I want to row to deploy in a waiter
plication very simple one so created a
rate Slayer the layers now created now I
click on add instance so for normal use
case you would now create the blueprints
for the ec2 instance but now we go here
to the tap on the on the right side and
we can click your register an instance
maybe a little bigger and I cannot
choose between existing situations and
on-premises instances in this case I
want to have on premises then I click on
install area still I and that case are
already of course install to CLI but if
you haven't registered instance yet you
get all the information here on the link
i can choose between running it directly
on the on-premises server or on some
machine that has ssh access to the
on-premises server and that's what we
know now we'll get a command that I can
run to actually start the registration
on a machine i have a virtualbox running
here so it's just a plain you bun 20 s
nothing is installed just the plain
installation and i will just copy over
these this command and I will start it
here so the only very minor things i
need to change for example ife
credentials already set up and its
profile register i also don't need to
user name because it's the same one on
the vm as on my local computer the only
thing i need to specify
are the private key to login and I gives
the IP address of the virtual machine
running and virtual box here the bigger
oops so so basically you see it's like
the register command I just specified
here the profile of want to use to get
the credentials then there's the
infrastructure class on premises for
registration of ec2 instance you would
just specify the infrastructure class
easy to let us let you fly the the
region I use in this Dec ID and the the
private key to actually log in and the
IP address as I haven't used the root
user but just the normal user I will not
be asked for the sudo password and now
the a translation work so what is up to
X doing here so we inject a small shell
code that then downloading Z the agent
and starting the edge installation which
is by which is done on ec2 instance
startups works why are the easy to you
metadata service with the user data but
here we have to inject it manually
y-axis h or as i said you can start
since the installer directly on the
on-premises server another thing that we
are now doing is here is as this is not
in AWS entity we need some some user on
the machine that is actually registering
the your server to to our back-end and
therefore we create an iron user with
minimal permissions which was also done
by the ADA BSC lie so if you if you go
to the IM console we see that there's no
user which is called after the stack
name so it's always prefixed with
observations on his tech name and then
the appeared rest of the
the server but you can also specify the
user name yourself and we see if you
look at the policy that this user has
access to call objects rigid sentence
for the resource which is the iron of
the stack and it allows it for to look
like it's 48 hours in sync no this is
actually for one hour because of the UTC
time zone here so we see now that the
VMS are we showing up to the embassy
host name of this machine I have running
here so it's just reusing the host name
but you can also specify your honors
theme it's now running the setup which
is like the basic abstract setup will
for example create the users that you've
specified in your stack and once the
setup is done we can assign it to to
that layer so we see here that that is
installers actually already done so this
part is over and the ops works system
has triggered a set up command which was
now executed the vm is no registered and
we can just click here and done and at
that instance to our rates etc so we can
hear say we have the other side
instances we just click on the one that
I just register but we can also like
setup like which is the 20 machines and
then assign them here at once now we
find the instance to that so that layer
will run another set up on this instance
which will now set up a rates
application server so it will install
apache it will automatically deploy the
application so I've predefined an
application here so very small rates
application
which is available here on github so
once the setup has automatically
installed the rates application server
pesci and so on all the dependencies
that are needed it will deploy sees this
application directly from from github so
we see notes it's running set up and a
few seconds it should also be in online
state and then we can have a look at the
small application that is it's running
maybe if you go to the I'm console we
see that that we also have created a
group for you so every time you rigid
sentence we put them all into one group
/ / stack that you can easily
differentiate where the users are coming
from especially if you have multiple
multiple stacks and this is user we
created for registering instances you
don't need like a full admin access we
can have a user with restricted access
so this is user that I have configured
for running a sea CLI command that I've
shown you so if you look at the policy
there are a couple of things that this
user needs so we start with the IM
permissions we see that we needed to
create a group created user create a
policy and the edit adding the user to Z
it to the group and we have also some
permissions that we need for props works
for example this command here gives you
all the information if you want to
implement it yourself because this is
for convenience so Z you can just use
this Eli command but you can if you want
to integrate in your system you can
actually describe the stack provision
parameters and then use them for
actually doing the bootstrapping
yourself so they have our customer
demand already foot just integrated and
so until they are their own system but
if you want to start at just use this
Eli it's it's quite easy just just
running that command
so now the instance switch to online and
so we can have a look if it's not
working so click now on the IP address
of that virtual machine yeah and it's
actually running that writes application
of just deployed yes that's what I
wanted to show you if you have any
questions please let us know and thank
you very much